This will be a running journal of what is changed with my "active" code, some of this may disappear if I edit it, or not.

I utilised Coding Train's 3D Space Colonisation Code for my tree algorithm, editing the colour the leaves and tree to be green. I created my own platform and coloured it brown.

I built my own table function by using pop and push matrices, as well as translate to make it look like an actual table. I then called and used translate and scale to manipulate this table, however I found that it edited it too much as the variables of the translate were tied to the size of the canvas. I will make this table function into a class, however I will start to use it as a park bench class, and begin to create the different variations of park benches you will be able to see.

I also added the ability to spawn multiple trees and at random positions within the platform. I used random variables that changed where the root of the tree would grow, as well as the spawn point for the leaves clump. The next step is to add park benches in a grid like pattern, and have the trees grow around them.

I added a path class that is in progress, I will also work on making sure the trees do not overlap each-other and are able to spawn the entire "forest" at once, rather than having to continue to press a key over and over. The path class has a display function and is able to display as a path correctly when given the right constraints, however I am yet to figure out how to spawn the path naturally, randomly, and ensure the trees and future park-benches will not be affected.

I removed the path class and added renamed the path display to the actual path generation which is now called pathway. I also created a platform class and created a creategrid function that creates the sections of the park, eg: it will designate the first area to be where the trees are generated, then when this first section ends, there will be a buffer then the path will spawn. The end of the path width will then bring another buffer, and then the rest of the tree generation. At the moment I am having problems having the platform spawn at random locations, and at the same time tell the create grid to generate trees around it.
